hey guys in Britain Lennon welcome to
this year's last episode of inside the
huddle today we're going to get to know
Alabama's junior defensive lineman
Marcell Dareus juice is a two-time
winner of the Dwight Stephenson linemen
award first performances in both the
2009 and 2010 8a games he's also won the
Leroy Jordan headhunter award firs work
and spring practice in high school he
totaled 117 tackles 20 sacks and
returned a fumble for a touchdown as a
senior dareyes was even listed as a
four-star recruit before coming to play
for the tag in scout.com had him at the
number five defensive tackle prospect in
the nation now let's meet the Huffman
Alabama native Marcell Dareus last year
Marcell Dareus was just another unsung
here on the Alabama defensive line until
he intercepted a shovel pass did a quick
ballet like spin and ran it into the
endzone for a touchdown but he didn't
perform that stunt in just any game the
64 306 pounds like men caught the ball
in the bcs national championship game
against texas earning himself the
defensive MVP award so that was a moment
i think obviously a turning point in the
game and kind of put it out of reach for
them it was a pretty special moment for
him as an individual inside play that
you don't see a defensive lineman make
every day something I I probably won't
forget for us what he really came into
his own last year he's very talented guy
with the size strength speed and
quickness and has ability to pass rush
as well as to play the point and while
that play quickly made Darius a fan
favorite he said he's always been
thankful for the encouragement he's
received from Alabama supporters this
one for me I don't think there's no fans
like Alabama fans how about backing the
winning losing oh no they still won't be
too mature for us to be one hundred
percent being one of only two returning
starters for the defense Jerry's has
developed into a mentor for the rookies
he's been very helpful in the teeny
period I see him as a good role model
you know and I everything he does I want
to get bit just like Hellmann's fly like
AG kids when he when he said song he can
back it up he used to lead by example
more than anything ever since he set
foot on campus but this year he's been
more vocal just being more encouraging
to everybody on anytime he see somebody
slipping up or he feels like yourself
slipping up he'll let everybody know and
he tell us that we need to step it up
myself he's become a great leader I mean
he motivates us inside the locker room
and on the field man just him being
marseilles it's the way he's been able
to affect people a positive way I think
is really encouraging maybe not wasn't
the most wasn't the most vocal guy on
the team last year but i think you know
his play definitely dictated a lot of a
lot of respect to use really gained the
respect of his teammates in terms of how
he's going about his work and what he's
tried to do to affect other people with
his positive energy and attitude and
he's done a really really good job i
think for our team for a lot of games
now Darius has finished off the season
with a total of 31 tackles in 3.5 sacks
for negative 18 yards but the numbers
don't show everything he's done he's
also been a consistent blocker and
there's no doubt that is pressure on the
opposing offenses has helped Alabama
become one of the nation's leaders and
interceptions reporting from Tuscaloosa
for ESP neyo campus connection I'm
Britain Lynn well that's it from our Sal
Darius but since this is the last
episode of inside the huddle I decided
to add a little year in review for all
the big records the tide is broken this
year and although that I didn't finish
exactly how they wanted to in the Iron
Bowl a lot of the players had their best
games today junior wide receiver Julio
Jones had his longest catch of the
season against Auburn and he's also
broken the single-season record for
receptions and yards at Alabama with
eight minutes and 39 seconds remaining
in the first quarter against the Tigers
Jones took of Greg McElroy past 68 yards
for a touchdown making the reception his
longest of the season Jones's
performance also gave him 72 receptions
and 1059 receiving yards for the
single-season record
Jones's had ten 100-yard games during
his career at Alabama senior quarterback
Greg McElroy set a new mark for
completions and touchdown passes which
has got to make his gold becoming a
future NFL player just a little bit
closer during this year's Iron Bowl
Mackel reset a 16 past shriek he threw
for a total of 291 yards and three
touchdowns with a benign completion
sitting a new Alabama record for
consecutive completions his two
touchdown passes in the first quarter
against Auburn also gave him 19
touchdown passes in the 2010 season
setting the new Alabama single-season
touchdown passing records macaroy now
has the highest career completion at the
capstone with sixty five point nine nine
percent completing 423 of 641 pass
attempts and this year he had the most
single-season passing yards ending with
a total of 2867 and we aren't forgetting
about Alabama's Heisman Trophy winner
junior running back mark ingram was also
able to move up in the charts with 40
career rushing touchdowns in Hulme
Sporty's rushing touchdown ranked second
and career rushing touchdowns with the
capstone and he scored a rushing
touchdown in 27 of the 38 games he's
played at Alabama and lastly this is a
record that could have been set without
the help of Alabama's unsung heroes and
standouts alike I'm talking about the 20
game win streak at bryant-denny Stadium
despite Alabama's 28 to 27 loss to
Auburn the tide was still able to earn
twenty consecutive wins at bryant-denny
Stadium dating back to the home opener
against tulane in 2008 that streak tied
for the second longest streak in school
history the longest winning streak at
bryant-denny stadium is the 57 games
from October 26 1963 to November 1319
82 without do it for the last football
episode of the year but basketball
season is rolling and baseball season is
right around the corner thanks for
watching inside the huddle i'm your host
britain lynn